Hey Li Feng
It seems your new platform is not working well.
Why didn't I see Li Fei'er's name on the list?
Oh, I see.
Only the last one
Waste is waste
Even if you get rich
It still can't cover up the nature of waste
Feng Ge
There has been no one in my live broadcast room since it started
What should I do?
Who said no
Now it is
Hum Lin Feng
You wouldn't deceive yourself to such an extent, would you?
You won't feel
You can beat everyone here by yourself, right?
Hey, I can defeat thousands of troops alone
Joke hum
Look at it
What else is there an expert?
They are Li Fei'er and Lan Yuebing from Xingyue Media
Their contribution value reached 10 million at the same time
Didn't Xingyue Media close down?
How did you become the first?
I don't know
This is just the beginning of the live broadcast, and there are millions of people
Too fierce
You must compete with me, right?
I'm telling you the truth
Tonight, in the name of the goddess of charity
It’s none other than Dingfeng Media
Then let's go and see